HOW_TO_CONTRIBUTE.md, before:

# **Contributing to DWScripter**

There are many ways of contributing to DWScripter project: logging bugs, submitting pull requests, reporting issues and creating suggestions

After cloning the repo you can build the solution and start using and testing.

## **Build and Run from Source**

If you want to understand how DWScripter works or want to debug an issue or implement new functionality, you'll want to get the source, build it, and run the tool.

### **Prerequisites**

You will neet [git](https://git-scm.com/) to clone the repo.
In order to build DWScripter you will need .NET Core 2.0.2

### **How to Build**

Once you have obtained the source code and installed .NET Core 2.0.2 you can build the tool following below steps:

1. Open a Command Prompt, Powershell or other shell window to the project's src folder (the folder containing the DWScripter.csproj file)
2. Run `dotnet build -r <runtime>`

> Note: runtime is currently configured in DWScripter.csproj file as win10-x64. The `dotnet build` command (without further parameters) will build by default for that runtime. If you wish to build for different runtimes you can use the `-r <runtime>` option parameter to build for your specific needs. For a list of available runtimes see [.NET Core RID Catalog](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/rid-catalog)

#### **Building  for Windows 10 64 bit**

> Example:
`dotnet build -r win10-x64`

#### **Building for Windows 7 64 bit**

>Example
`dotnet build -r win7-x64`

For more reference on building with .NET Core see [dotnet build](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build?tabs=netcore2x) guide

Commit message:

tool refactor into classlib + console app

HOW_TO_CONTRIBUTE.md, after:

# **Contributing to DWScripter**

There are many ways of contributing to DWScripter project: logging bugs, submitting pull requests, reporting issues and creating suggestions

After cloning the repo you can build the solution and start using and testing.

## **Build and Run from Source**

If you want to understand how DWScripter works or want to debug an issue or implement new functionality, you'll want to get the source, build it, and run the tool.

### **Prerequisites**

You will neet [git](https://git-scm.com/) to clone the repo.

The solution is built on top of .NET Core, thus in order to build DWScripter you will need .NET Core SDK 2.0.2 or above.

PDWScripter makes use of Newtonsoft.Json (version 10.0.3 or above). You will need to add the package to your system in order to successfully build the solution or PDWScripter library.

### **How to Build**

Once you have obtained the source code and installed the required packages you can build the tool following below steps:

1. Open a Command Prompt, Powershell or other shell window to the solution's folder (the folder containing the DWScripter.sln file)
2. Run `dotnet build -r <runtime>`

> Note: runtime can be configured in DWScripter.csproj file. The `dotnet build` command (without further parameters) will build by default for that runtime. If you wish to build for different runtimes you can use the `-r <runtime>` option parameter to build for your specific needs. For a list of available runtimes see [.NET Core RID Catalog](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/rid-catalog)

If building for Windows you could also target the .NET Framework (4.6.1 or later). In this case you will need to add the target framework to the project files of both the PDWScripter library and the DWScripter console App.

#### **Building  for Windows 10 64 bit**

> Example:

```dotnet build -r win10-x64```

#### **Building for Windows 7 64 bit**

>Example

```dotnet build -r win7-x64```

#### **Build for Ubuntu 16.10**

> Example

```dotnet build -r ubuntu.16.10-x64```

For more reference on building with .NET Core see [dotnet build](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build?tabs=netcore2x) guide
